feat: collapse duplicate events (#1215)
nhn/tui.calendar: docs/en/apis/options.md

[⬆️ Back to the list](#week)

#### week.collapseDuplicateEvents

- Type: `boolean | CollapseDuplicateEventsOptions`
- Default: `false`

```ts
interface CollapseDuplicateEventsOptions {
  getDuplicateEvents: (targetEvent: EventObject, events: EventObject[]) => EventObject[];
  getMainEvent: (events: EventObject[]) => EventObject;
};
```

> You can collapse duplicate events in the daily/weekly view. The default value is `false`, duplicate events are handled in the same way as normal events. When it is `true`, **events with the same `title`, `start`, and `end`** are classified as duplicate events, and **the last event** among them is expanded during initial rendering. If you want to filter duplicate events based on your criteria, set `getDuplicateEvents`. If you want to choose which event is expanded during initial rendering, set `getMainEvent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can collapse duplicate events in the daily/weekly view. The default value is `false`. The calendar handles duplicate events in the same way as normal events. When it is `true`, **events with the same `title`, `start`, and `end`** are classified as duplicate events and **the last event** among them is expanded during initial rendering. If you want to filter duplicate events based on your requirements, set `getDuplicateEvents`. And if you want to choose which event is expanded during initial rendering, set `getMainEvent`.
```

`getDuplicateEvents` should return sorted duplicate events in the order you want them to appear. The return value of `getDuplicateEvents` is the parameter of `getMainEvent`.

```js
calendar.setOptions({
  week: {
    collapseDuplicateEvents: {
      getDuplicateEvents: (targetEvent, events) =>
        events
          .filter((event) =>
            event.title === targetEvent.title &&
            event.start.getTime() === targetEvent.start.getTime() &&
            event.end.getTime() === targetEvent.end.getTime()
          )
          .sort((a, b) => (a.calendarId > b.calendarId ? 1 : -1)),

>       getMainEvent: (events) => events[events.length - 1],

Reviewer: 여기 윗줄에 "`event` 는 `getDuplicateEvents` 의 리턴 값이다" 라는 내용이 주석으로 담겨있으면 좋겠어요. 생각보다 사람들은 문서 본문 읽는것보다 예제만 바로 보고 가져다 쓴 다음 안된다고 하는 경우가 많더군요.
